What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Git starts tracking my files in the directory. I want Git to track my files so that I can have different versions and be able to revert back if bugs happened in later versions.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is the media stage that files will be added and pushed to the repository for record. The working directory is the place where I work on my files. I add the files I created in the working directory to the staging area. The repository is the place where all files are tracked by Git. The files are pushed in from the staging area.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

I can do "git diff --staged" to find out the difference between the 
staging area and the repository. I can also do git status to find 
out the changes to be committed. That way I can evaluate if those
changes are for a logical change.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Experimental features, new features, and fixing bugs. Also when working on a feature but discover a bug. Then I can switch to work on the bug and then come back to work on the new feature. Also, provide a way to work on other development works within the project when feeling boring in current task. The new development is on the branches and the master branch is stable all the time.  

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It shows the time order of the commits from a branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

After merging, all the changes from two branches are combined into one branch. The diagram shows the parent of each commit. With that we can easily find the changes from the parent to the child commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

save time.
